##### Todo
- [ ] Add a proof for Taylor's Remainder Theorem
- [x] Learn $O$-notation
- [ ] Do Analysis 0 homework set 3 (not obligatory, but would like it done before Mar 19)
- [ ] Understand how matrix multiplication works as spans in $\mathbf{FinSet}$ 
- [x] Implement all relevant limit definitions/theorems

##### Daily musings
- I will try to get the limits one ready today

- I finished implementing the limits section and also understand little-o notation. It's very simple, I just don't really care about it.
- I also bought a new laptop.
- One thing that confuses me about the $\mathbf{FinSet}$ issue is that I can't recover the matrix using the disjoint union. Define the span $$I \overset{s}\longleftarrow A \overset{t}\longrightarrow J$$In such a way that the fiber $$A_{ij} = \qty{a \in A : s(a) = i,~t(a) = j}$$Ideally $|A_{ij}|$ would then correspond to an entry in a matrix of natural numbers.
- The issue is that the disjoint union of all the $A_{ij}$'s is supposed to recover $A$. I can't see how to do that. If we were to implement this with sets, then an element in $A$ cannot look like $(a_{ij},i,j)$ since this destroys the interpretation of $A_{ij}$. 
- We need instead that a set like $\mathbf{4} \to I,J$, but then this stops you from having multiple entries.
- Ok, so let's assume the sets are different $\mathbf 4_{11}$, ${} \mathbf 4_{12} {}$ etc. But that their cardinality is the same.
- Now $A_{ij}=\mathbf{4}_{11},\mathbf{4'}_{12}\dots$ over all indices. In this case, the matrix sum thereof to recover $A$ would simply correspond to the union of the elements, not the coproduct. So this doesn't work.
  